I asked for something a pony kind of
like this one but bigger and pink still
pink i also want to pick can you do that
for me wait what where am I gonna get a
pony I love you you're my only reason to
stay alive if that's what I am that's
great but you love me or not we talk
about this later let's open your
presents there's a cake too looks like
that cake feed 50 you guys don't need to
eat yeah well known as your recent
weight gain and mr. getting my post
happy birthday
now the cornet
good do that was the piano
Carlile what happened with Jasper was
nothing nothing compared to what could
have happened you should see what
happened when the dog peed on the carpet
like you don't have a dog exactly why do
we always have to go to the woods to
talk what's wrong with my house or your
house you're a really nice house guilty
as charged I promise to never put you
through anything like this ever again
that's why this is the last time you
will ever see Hey no you can't just get
off that easy with this vampire excuse
if you want to break up with me just say
so loves me
those are not
he loves me
loves me not
how much could he mean to you if he just
left you here unprotected but I can't
help myself you're so mouth-watering
with such soft skin opt-in to you
moisturize Oh twice a day why are you
sure seriously I just want to know I
don't old tricks just fans let's take a
lot of money this way okay when you're
flexing what
son of was that really necessary I have
to save her oh you want to treat boy
want me to rub your belly